CRU EDID editor for monitor - be familiar with it first, 
note: you can reset your profile back and restart your display drivers.... so less worry ^^

Find it here:
https://www.monitortests.com/forum/Thread-Custom-Resolution-Utility-CRU
Some other example reference moving around this app:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFIzKW00iPo


My profile:
Goal is to do Display Scaling, Tiled Display Topology, and eliminate other unused bloats from EDID.

■ 1. Red Container (CRU Profile - 1.png)
	▶ Make sure you have a singular profile active, delete inactive profiles and visit this application once in awhile as it could generate new profiles from updates and etc. 
	Aside from this delete the inactive EDID profile/s included in this registry:
	Computer\HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Enum\DISPLAY
	     - Use power run on Registry Editor to accomplish this
		 - Using my registry as an example (Display Registry.png): 
		 "VSC3B3B" is my monitor ID while  "7&1e8d770f&7&UID260" is the key for EDID profile that is currently active, the keys for the unused ones should appear under the monitor ID key and should be deleted.
	▶ Find an entry for for the default resolution at the highest refresh rate available for your monitor then make sure to copy that profile before deleting anything (i.e. CRU Profile - 2.png)
	▶ Delete/ Deactivate all resolutions in 
	     - Established Resolutions
		 - Detailed Resolutions (for some reason resolutions created here have higher latency than in the extension blocks)
		 - Standard Resolutions
		 
■ 2. Green Container (CRU Profile - 1.png)
	▶ Start with creating your resolutions  (default and stretched or whatever you need) on the extension block from the copied profile
	    - My monitor's default extension block was: CTA-861
		- Create your desired resolutions in the detailed resolutions (CRU Profile - 3.png: red container)
		    just add and paste the default profile with the highest refresh rate, then just change the active horizontal pixels and vertical lines (CRU Profile - 2.png: green container)
			YES, both changing the timings (e.g. CVT, Exact Reduced) or having an integer refresh rate are not noticeable on my end so no need to do those...
		- After creating the resolutions, re-arrange the resolutions such that your default resolution should be on the bottom-most (i.e. CRU Profile - 3.png: red container)
		- In the datablocks section (CRU Profile - 3.png: green container) delete what you think you would not use: for me I left Freesync range and colorimetry there and have deleted stuff like speakers, HDMI, TV 
	▶ Just press OK to exit and save the extension block
	▶ Now for tiled display topology just add another extension block  (CRU Profile - 1.png: green container)
	    DisplayID 2.0 = If you're using DP
		DisplayID 1.3 = If you're using HDMI (haven't tested on this)
		
		- then add a datablock for Tiled display topology (CRU Profile - 4.png)
	▶ Just press OK to everything to exit and you're done with CRU setup.
	
■ 3. Setting up GPU for Display Scaling
	▶ Using SRE.exe delete all GPU Resolution Profiles then press OK.

	▶ Nvidia: Perform scaling on display + Override + No Scaling 
	▶ Radeon: GPU Scaling OFF + Scaling mode: Center	